hey guys with number 2 on the way
sometimes it's nice just to stay put and
hang out in the backyard here's what
we've got to keep Nathan entertained I'm
Connie and I'm passionate about
discovering new products that make my
life easier so first I want to talk
about water toys the most recent
addition to our backyard has been this
water table and I love it it keeps
Nathan entertained for a really long
time so we can have this filled up be in
the kitchen preparing dinner and he's
out here having a great time by the way
one thing that I just discovered is that
green garden hoses actually leach led to
federally regulated unsafe levels it's
really bad for babies development they
even come with warning labels and if you
have kids playing with water in your
backyard you know that they're
inevitably going to be getting water in
their mouths so I just discovered these
marine grade RV hoses that are drinking
water safe and you also want to make
sure that you get a nozzle without brass
on it because brass is one of the
biggest contributors to lead and I think
these are great investment for the
backyard so now that we feel safe with
the water that's coming out of our hose
is another few water basics for the
backyard well the best seven dollars
you'll spend at a toy store and then
we've also got these sprinkler hose
nozzles from Melissa and Doug shoot
water out and kids can run through them
next we've got your basic sidewalk chalk
a whole tub of them is even better that
washable and easier to clean than crayon
off your walls Jada oh that's a good
looking turtle and finally we've got
balls we've got all kinds of balls here
in our backyard we've got this
basketball hoop which is great for
practicing slam dunk
we've got golf clubs to practice his
stroke we set up goals with these little
cones and you can practice kicking a
soccer ball through them or hitting a
golf ball through these goal
hosts we store his ball from these
baskets which are great for outdoors and
every once in a while we can get him to
help us clean up nice clean up Nathan so
let me know if you guys have discovered
anything fun and new for your backyard
and as always if you like what you see
thank you for subscribing bye guys see
you later
you